Hello and welcome to our project!
This Java application is meant to be used by university staff alongside other pieces of software used to hold lectures to see and answer questions asked by students during lectures in these unusual Covid times.
How do you use the app?
As a student:
First of all, you need to join a lecture. In order to do that, you need to copy the random alphanumeric string of characters provided by your lecturer(s), input your name and then press "ENTER". If everything goes according to plan, then you will join a lecture room and you will be able to post questions of your own that the professors and TAs can see and answer. If you see that your question has already been posted by a fellow student, or you see another question that piques your interest, you can upvote it to make it more visible to the lecturer(s). On the right side of the screen there are three drop down menus. One of them is the "Pace of lecture" poll. Through this poll you can let the host know if you feel like they are going through course material too fast or too slow. Below it is a list of all current participants to this lecture. See if you can spot your friends! Underneath the participants is an answered questions section. Here you can see the questions that have already been answered to avoid duplicates. If you missed one, you can check with the course staff for the recording of the lecture. There is also a custom poll section, that the professor(s) may use to judge how you comprehend the material so far.
As a lecturer/moderator:
Joining an already existing lecture:
Joining a lecture room as a moderator is very straight forward. Input the special link provided by the person who created the lecture room and your name, press "ENTER" and the moderator view will automatically load if the data entered is correct. In this screen you can control the flow of questions asked by students, by deleting, editing or marking questions as answered once the lecturer has addressed them. In the list of participants on the right you can ban users that are being disruptive. After the lecture has ended, moderators are still able to join the room. This can be used to export a JSON file post lecture of all of the answered questions.
Starting a new lecture:
For starting a new lecture there are two options. A lecture can be started on the spot, or scheduled to begin at a later date. Either way, fill each field with the relevant data and a lecture will be created. The backend automatically creates the random links for students and moderators. Once it does make sure to save them as once you leave the screen they can no longer be retrieved.
